185685935 update readme file (#2)
Block-Logic/bl-rails-template: README.md

# RAILS TEMPLATE 
This repo is a template to be used for creating new projects.

## System dependencies                                                                                                                                  
  - Ruby (see .ruby-version)

>   - Rails 7.0+

Reviewer: We should also add info about chosen frontend stack, because it's not that obvious since rails v7

```suggestion
  - Rails 7.0+
  - Hotwire (Stimulus+Turbo)
```

  - MySQL 8+  
  - Redis 6.2+

## Template Notes
After creating your new project, you will need to touch some files to customize the new environment. Those files are:  

- config/deploy/* to provide the host names for each deployment target.
- config/deploy.rb to update the project name & other deployment settings.

> - Run `EDITOR=vim rails credentials:edit` to initialize the Rails encrypted credentials files. See config/credentials.example.yml for some of the environment variables that you should copy to 

Reviewer: We can remove this point. We will set some sample encrypted credentials, so this will not work like this anymore, bacause credentials will already be initialized. Instead, user should download master.key from Keybase

config/credentials.yml.enc

> - config/database.yml to reflect the proper database name and other settings. There is an example in `config/database.example.yml`

Reviewer: We can remove this point, it's already in db configuration section

- Look at `config/initializers/site_information.rb` and make changes as needed to the constant values shown there.

> - Perform a 'find all' to look for 'fmaprivacy' and 'fmadata'. Modify those values as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Perform a 'find all' to look for 'bl_rails_template' mentions. Modify those values as needed.
```

Reviewer: This one is still unresolved
There should be no mentiones of fmaprivacy - it's a completely different app. If there're any mentiones of it in the code, it should be replaced with bl_rails_template. 
Same for fmadata.

Reviewer: I already removed mentions of fmadata in a separate story, so this part in README should only include bl_rails_template:
```suggestion
- Perform a 'find all' to look for 'bl_rails_template' mentions. Modify those values as needed.
```

- You will also need to go through the views to remove/change some of the current boiler plate, logo, etc.
- This template is configured for the free version of Sidekiq. Review the Gemfile and config/routes.rb files if you are using Sidekiq Pro.
- Change the name of the application in `config/application.rb`. Change FMAdataTemplate to something meaningful.

NOTE: If you find other files that need to be touched after creating a new project please come back here and update the documentation!

## Configuration and installation

### Credentials 

See Keybase for master.key for this project.
To generate credentials, run:

>   - in atom, use `EDITOR="atom --wait" rails credentials:edit`

Reviewer: I don't think anyone use atom anymore. I'd replace both lines with general `EDITOR=editor_of_your_choice rails credentials:edit` or something like that

  - in vim use `EDITOR=vim rails credentials:edit`
Enter your keys, save and exit. See config/credentials.example.yml for examples.

Set up locking strategy during configuration (https://github.com/plataformatec/devise/wiki/How-To:-Add-:lockable-to-Users).

### Gems

Run `bundle install` command to install Rails and all other Gem dependencies. 

### Database creation

MySQL 8 is the recommended version to run on your machine. Once you have MySQL running, run:
  `cp config/database.example.yml config/database.yml`
and configure your config/database.yml to your machine's MySQL configuration. Minor edits should only be necessary.

> Run rake db:setup to create and migrate the database from schema (db/schema.rb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `rails db:setup` to create the database from schema, and seed it with sample data.
```

> 

Reviewer: There's a missing section for TailwindCSS

Just a quick note that this app uses Tailwind as CSS framework will do.
Plus the commands that build tailwind assets

### Attribute Encryption
Attribute encryption on models is required for any attribute that contains personal information or other sensitive data. The default solution is the attr_encrypted gem.

## Other dependencies 

### Redis

> in order for Sidekiq to work it requires redis version of at least 6.2 (but since it's deprecated, recommended version is 7)

Reviewer: I'd remove v7 mention. It's the newest version at the moment, but it will also be deprecated in the future. Redis version required for sidekiq is 6.2+, so I'd leave it at this.

# RAILS TEMPLATE 
This repo is a template to be used for creating new projects.

## System dependencies                                                                                                                                  
  - Ruby (see .ruby-version)
  - Rails 7.0+
  - Hotwire (Stimulus+Turbo)
  - MySQL 8+  
  - Redis 6.2+

## Template Notes
After creating your new project, you will need to touch some files to customize the new environment. Those files are:  

- config/deploy/* to provide the host names for each deployment target.
- config/deploy.rb to update the project name & other deployment settings.
- Look at `config/initializers/site_information.rb` and make changes as needed to the constant values shown there.
- Perform a 'find all' to look for 'fmaprivacy' and 'fmadata'. Modify those values as needed.
- You will also need to go through the views to remove/change some of the current boiler plate, logo, etc.
- This template is configured for the free version of Sidekiq. Review the Gemfile and config/routes.rb files if you are using Sidekiq Pro.

> - Change the name of the application in `config/application.rb`. Change FMAdataTemplate to something meaningful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the name of the application in `config/application.rb`. Change BlRailsTemplate to your app name.
```

NOTE: If you find other files that need to be touched after creating a new project please come back here and update the documentation!

## Configuration and installation

### Tailwind

In order to use Tailwind make sure to run `bundle exec rails assets:precompile`.
For development environment use `./bin/dev` instead of `rails s` for running the app. It runs both puma and tailwind

> that detects changes to css. 

Reviewer: This is incorrect. It's not a task that we should run on development manually, only on production. And it was required before rails+tailwind, so it's not related to tailwind, it's related to production environment.

```suggestion
In this project we use Tailwind as CSS framework.  
In development, run your application with `./bin/dev` script, that will run rails server on default port 3000 with `bin/rails server -p 3000` and will compile the assets on the fly with `bin/rails tailwindcss:watch`.
```

Reviewer: And let's move it to the end, after configuration sections and rails setup

### Credentials 

> See Keybase for master.key for this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See Keybase for master.key and development.key for this project.
```

> To generate credentials, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit credentials, run:
```

>   - in vim use `EDITOR=editor_of_your_choice rails credentials:edit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EDITOR=editor_of_your_choice rails credentials:edit -e development`
```

> Enter your keys, save and exit. See config/credentials.example.yml for examples.

Reviewer: Remove this line

Set up locking strategy during configuration (https://github.com/plataformatec/devise/wiki/How-To:-Add-:lockable-to-Users).

### Gems

> Run `bundle install` command to install Rails and all other Gem dependencies. 

Reviewer: I'd replace it with:

```suggestion
### Application Setup

Once you have all configuration files and credential keys in place, run `./bin/setup` to install Rails and all other dependencies. 
```

Reviewer: And move it to the last point in this section
so the order would be like follows:
configuration first - db, credentials, attr_encrypted etc.
then rails installation via /bin/setup
then running server via bin/dev

> ### Database creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Database
```

> MySQL 8 is the recommended version to run on your machine. Once you have MySQL running, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses MySQL as a database. Recommended version is v8. Once you have MySQL installed and running, run:
```

>   `cp config/database.example.yml config/database.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `cp config/database.yml.sample config/database.yml`
```

and configure your config/database.yml to your machine's MySQL configuration. Minor edits should only be necessary.

> Run rake db:setup to create and migrate the database from schema (db/schema.rb).

Reviewer: This part will be done by bin/setup script, so you can remove that.
I'd only leave creating database.yml to the users (it's already commented out in bin/setup by default), because everyone might have different users and passwords configured on their machines etc.

### Attribute Encryption
Attribute encryption on models is required for any attribute that contains personal information or other sensitive data. The default solution is the attr_encrypted gem.

## Other dependencies 

### Redis
in order for Sidekiq to work it requires redis version of at least 6.2.

## Tests 

### How to run the test suite

> run `bundle exec rails assets:precompile` before the first test run

Reviewer: This is not exactly correct. Precompile task was created for production only.
It should be `bin/rails tailwindcss:build` instead
